Introduce Changelog and PR template (#765)
grosser/parallel_tests: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Thank you for your contribution!

> Check the following boxes:
> 
> - [ ] Wrote [good commit messages][1].
> - [ ] Feature branch is up-to-date with `master` (if not - rebase it).
> - [ ] Squashed related commits together.
> - [ ] Added tests.
> - [ ] Added an entry to the [Changelog](../blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) if the new 
>   code introduces user-observable changes.
> - [ ] The PR relates to *only* one subject with a clear title
>   and description in grammatically correct, complete sentences.

Reviewer: prefer to stick to a simpler list:
```suggestion
## Checklist
- [ ] Feature branch is up-to-date with `master` (if not - rebase it).
- [ ] Added tests.
- [ ] Added an entry to the [Changelog](../blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) if the new 
  code introduces user-observable changes.
```

Thank you for your contribution!

## Checklist
- [ ] Feature branch is up-to-date with `master` (if not - rebase it).
- [ ] Added tests.
- [ ] Added an entry to the [Changelog](../blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) if the new 
  code introduces user-observable changes.

> [1]: http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
